docs: quickstart cleanup (#59)
neondatabase/website: content/docs/quickstart/hasura.md

title: Run a Hasura App
---

> ### Introduction

Reviewer: Header level is different from other steps, should be `###` -> `##`?

Author: @ololobus We have discussed with @stepashka on what styling guide we will refer to which will be the Digital Ocean Styling Guide.

Introductions and Conclusions will be `### `and Steps are referred to as `##`.

Please refer to https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/digitalocean-s-technical-writing-guidelines.

Hasura is a cloud-based GraphQL provider for existing databases. This guide will cover zero-coding integration between Neon cloud service and Hasura Cloud. By the end of this guide, you will have a working HTTP API endpoint that uses GraphQL to query Neon's serverless database and responds with a set of rows.

## Step 1 — Set up a Neon Project

In this step, you will create or select an existing Neon Project to be used as a data source for Hasura.

> First, go to the [Neon console](https://console.neon.tech/app/projects).

Author: Agreed, the link is then consistent with most of your docs.

Updated this in this commit -> https://github.com/neondatabase/website/pull/59/commits/323cb616f8bf3738d0317a9826fe523b874ea23e

> Next, create a new Project or use any existing one.

Author: I agree although this follows your steps in the original docs ->` 2. Create a new project or launch a console for the existing one.` so changed it, but hope I have not changed the meaning of the original docs.

Changed it to the suggestion in this commit -> https://github.com/neondatabase/website/pull/59/commits/323cb616f8bf3738d0317a9826fe523b874ea23e

> Then, open the Project page, and click the **Generate token** button.

Reviewer: Outdated. There is no generate token anymore.

It should be something like: i) copy connection (DATABASE_URL) string with button if you created a new project; or ii) reset password / create new role and copy DATABASE_URL if you picked the old one

Author: i) copy connection (DATABASE_URL) string with button if you created a new project
or
ii) reset password / create new role and copy DATABASE_URL if you picked the old one

@LizardWizzard @ololobus 

Correct me if I am wrong, but I will need to discuss this in our next meeting to see which directions you would like to replace "Generate token". If you would like to go with the first or second, I am happy to update that in documentation across. Please let me know, thanks!

> Then, open the Project page, and copy the connection string (`DATABASE_URL`) if you created a new Project.

Reviewer 2: Nit: I'd provide an example of the connection string, and mention that it should(or not?) include a password, like `postgres://yeputons:abCdE12fLPZz@frosty-sea-109598.cloud.neon.tech/main`, not like `postgres://yeputons@frosty-sea-109598.cloud.neon.tech/main`.

Author: @yeputons 

It is better to practice to tell a user what it should look like, so I can use this example, `postgres://yeputons:abCdE12fLPZz@frosty-sea-109598.cloud.neon.tech/main`

> Then, open the Project page, and click the **Generate token** button.
> 
> Finally, copy DATABASE_URL. We will need it later.

Reviewer: This is too outdated, so let's put some holder like:

```suggestion
Then, open the Project page, and copy the connection string (`DATABASE_URL`) if you created a new project. Otherwise, if you used previously created project, create a new user or reset password of some existing one to get the complete connection string. Keep these connection details, we will need them later.
```

which makes at least some sense. You can rephrase as you wish, of course.

Author: No problem, implemented in this commit, https://github.com/neondatabase/website/pull/59/commits/5d2a02bbfd4a9cce7645fbee3dfbf59e4c611b8b

@stepashka @ololobus thanks!

> Otherwise, if you are using a previously created Project, create a new user or reset password of an existing user to get the complete connection string. Keep these connection details, we will need them later.

Author: - Made change in commit: https://github.com/neondatabase/website/pull/59/commits/85dc5590233f532c767016f6518a4fd474f9018e
- as for Nit, this will need more fleshing out to make more sense to the user. It sounds like it is more complex than what the original docs states.

## Step 2 — Add Project as a Data Source in the Hasura Cloud Project

> In this section, you will head to Hasura Cloud, paste your DATABASE_URL, and connect your project to Hasura.

Reviewer 2: I feel that there may be a confusing mix of `DATABASE_URL` and "Connection string" here. I don't think we use `DATABASE_URL` anywhere in our UI, but maybe Hasura does..?

Author: In your original docs, this is the guide:

```
Second, add this Project as a data source in the Hasura Cloud project:

    Go to the Hasura Cloud projects list https://cloud.hasura.io/projects.
    Create a new project or launch a console for the existing one.
    Go to the DATA section, and in the 'Connect Existing Database' tab, paste DATABASE_URL into the corresponding form field. Give it some name and click connect.
```
The original docs do state to, "paste your DATABASE_URL" after heading to Hasura Cloud and creating/using a project. 

I can provide more context or remove this explanation altogether.

Head over to the [Hasura Cloud projects list](https://cloud.hasura.io/projects).

> Then, create a new project or launch a console for the existing one.

Reviewer 2: I'd explicitly distinguish Neon projects from Hasura projects.

Author: @yeputons 

I changed that under Step 2, but let me know if we need that also for Step 1.

Found here -> https://github.com/neondatabase/website/pull/59/commits/245858d3536190c00ad0a3c5e34b3e3376ccb503

Now, go to the DATA section. In the 'Connect Existing Database' tab, paste DATABASE_URL into the corresponding form field. Give your database an appropriate name, and click connect.

That is mostly it! Hasura Cloud will connect and automatically discover the public schema.

> Neon will spin up a new compute node for your database when any new connection arrives and suspend it when it is idle.

Reviewer: Not sure, but do you think that small sentences / steps look great each as a separate paragraph without any list formatting?

Author: We are following the [Digital Ocean Styling Guide](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/digitalocean-s-technical-writing-guidelines#style), which reserves specific heading levels for titles and steps.

By list formatting, if you mean bullet points or numbering, it's best practice to reserve bullet points for quick and important information.

**Example:**

- You are only allowed three projects.
- We only support five models currently.

We can use numbering as in listing like 1., 2., 3., but we will have to divert from the Digital Ocean Styling Guide.

}
```

Then, save this GraphQL query as an HTTP API endpoint by clicking the REST tab. Let us call the endpoint 'query_t'.

Finally, you can use this endpoint to get the table content now.

Your output on the screen should be similar to the example below:

```bash
$ curl -H 'x-hasura-admin-secret: {admin_secret}' https://{your_project_name}.hasura.app/api/rest/query_t
{"t":[{"text":"test"}]}
```

Thanks for your time, and keep hacking!

## Conclusion

> In this tutorial, you performed an integration between Neon cloud service and Hasura Cloud. Now you can use an HTTP API endpoint that uses GraphQL to query Neon's serverless database and returns a set of rows.

Reviewer: IMO, it looks a bit fake / lazy when Conclusion == Introduction in the past :) I guess that other people may feel the same.

I'd sprinkle some amazingness over here, like mention the serverless nature of the service again.

I.e. mention that Neon's Postgres isn't running all the time. And whenever (1 hour, 1 day, 1 month) you come back to your Hasura API our will be spun up again in seconds and ready to serve requests. This isn't a case with Planetscale for example, where you have to go to the control panel and start it manually after 1 month or so.

But that's just IMO. Another option is to just remove Conclusion at all

Author: @ololobus Thank you for the feedback!

As part of our documentation cleanup and site re-organization, we will not be writing new content unless this has changed @stepashka, and we can discuss what next content you would like written.

I will remove the Conclusion in this case.
